>> Bianca: Okay, so we're looping.
We were looping recursively.
We're saying that we need to
get closer to our base case.
In this case,
our base case is this condition.
And so these are the kind of patterns
you should be thinking about when
you're formulating your
recursive solution.
What is our base case?
How do we get closer?
What's the work that we actually
care about between now and then?
All right, so what's the difference
between a recursion and a loop?
Not really that much.
Recursion can always be implemented
as a loop, which is fine.
It's not necessarily faster,
but there are some situations
when recursion is gonna be a lot
easier to implement than a loop.
Because for some complex data structures,
especially nested data structures,
you don't know ahead of time
how deeply nested things are.
And to keep track of that, you would
have to use an auxiliary data structure
that kind of sort of maps to a stack,
but you actually use a queue.
So that's how you would do that.
You can do it but
it's just way more complicated when
you can just do it using recursion.
And so
that's going to be the typical answer to
these recursive data structures like
traversing a tree and things like that.
The standard answer is gonna
be recursion versus, okay,
let's make a loop and then the queue and
all of this other nonsense.